Update some details of the terraform readme file for e2e provisioning (#24451)
hashicorp/nomad: e2e/terraform/README.md

client_count_windows_2016_amd64  = "1"
```

You will also need a Consul Enterprise license file and a Nomad Enterprise license file.

Optionally, edit the `nomad_local_binary` variable in the
`terraform.tfvars` file to change the path to the local binary of

> Nomad you'd like to upload, but keep in mind it has to match the distribution of the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nomad you'd like to upload, but keep in mind it has to match the OS and the CPU architecture of the nodes (amd64 linux). 
```

Run Terraform apply to deploy the infrastructure:

```sh
cd e2e/terraform/
terraform init

> terraform apply -var="consul_license=$(cat ./consul.hclic)" -var="nomad_license=$(cat ./nomad.hclic)"    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terraform apply -var="consul_license=$(cat full_path_to_consul.hclic)" -var="nomad_license=$(cat full_path_to_nomad.hclic)"    
```
